---
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css" type="text/css">

<h1>Air and Water pollution</h1>

32) Beiyi Xu, Guangcai Wang, Qiang Yang, Yan Zheng. Hydrological buffering during groundwater acidification in rapidly industrializing alluvial plains. Journal of Contaminant Hydrology, 2018, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jconhyd.2018.08.006;
31) Kewei Chen, Hongbin Zhan, Qiang Yang. Fractal Models Simulating Non-Fickian Behavior in Four-Stage Single-Well Push-Pull Tests. Water Resource Research, 2017, 53, https://doi.org/10.1002/2017WR021411;
30) Haiyun Wu, Qilin Liao, Steven N. Chillrud, Qiang Yang, Lei Huang, Jun Bi, and Beizhan Yan. Environmental Exposure to Cadmium: Health Risk Assessment and its Associations with Hypertension and Impaired Kidney Function. Scientific Reports, 2016, 6: 29989, https://doi.org/10.1038/srep29989; 
29) Natalia V. Zakharova, David S. Goldberg, Paul E. Olsen, Dennis V. Kent, S. Morgan, Qiang Yang, Martin Stute, Juerg M. Matter. New insights into lithology and hydrogeology of the northern Newark Rift Basin. Geochemistry, Geophysics, Geosystems, 2016, 17(6):2070-2094, https://doi.org/10.1002/2015GC006240; 
28) Qiang Yang, Juerg Matter, Taro Takahashi, Martin Stute, Gregory O’Mullan, Kale Clauson, Kelsey Umemoto, David Goldberg. Groundwater geochemistry in bench experiments simulating CO2 leakage from geological storage in the Newark Basin. International Journal of Greenhouse Gas Control, 2015, 42: 98-108, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijggc.2015.06.024; 
27) Gregory O’Mullan, M. Elias Dueker, Kale Clauson, Qiang Yang, Kelsey Umemoto, Natalia Zakharova, Juerg Matter, Martin Stute, Taro Takahashi, David Goldberg. Microbial stimulation and succession following a test well injection simulating CO2 leakage into a shallow Newark Basin aquifer. PLOS ONE, 2015, https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0117812; 
26) Qiang Yang, Charles Culbertson, Martha Nielson, Charles Schalk, Carole Johnson, Robert Marvinney, Martin Stute, Yan Zheng. Flow and sorption control of groundwater arsenic in individual boreholes from bedrock aquifers in central Maine, USA. Science of the Total Environment, 2015, 505: 1291-1307, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scitotenv.2014.04.089;
25) Sara V. Flanagan, Robert G. Marvinney, Robert A. Johnston, Qiang Yang, Yan Zheng. Dissemination of well water arsenic results to homeowners in Central Maine: Influences on mitigation behavior and continued risks for exposure. Science of the Total Environment, 2015, 505: 1282-1290, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.scitotenv.2014.03.079; 
24) Qiang Yang, Juerg Matter, Martin Stute, Kelsey Umemoto, Kale Clauson, M. Elias Dueker, Gregory O’Mullan, Taro Takahashi, Natalia Zakharova, David Goldberg. Groundwater hydrogeochemistry in field injection experiments simulating CO2 leakage from geosequestration in a shallow aquifer in Newark Basin. International Journal of Greenhouse Gas Control, 2014, 26: 193-203, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijggc.2014.04.025 (for free pdf download: https://doi.org/10.7916/D8T16M3W); 
23) Qiang Yang, Paul E. Smitherman, Charles T. Hess, Charles W. Culbertson, Robert G. Marvinney, Andrew E. Smith, Yan Zheng. Uranium and Radon in Private Bedrock Well Water in Maine: Geospatial Analysis at Two Scales. Environmental Science & Technology, 2014, 48(8): 4298-4306, https://doi.org/10.1021/es405020k; 
22) Shehong Li, Mingguo Wang, Qiang Yang, Hui Wang, Jianming Zhu, Baoshan Zheng, Yan Zheng. Enrichment of Arsenic in Surface Water, Stream Sediments, Soils and Rocks in Tibet. Journal of Geochemical Exploration, 2013, 135:104-116, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gexplo.2012.08.020; 
21) Qiang Yang, Hun Bok Jung, Charles W. Culbertson, Robert G. Marvinney, Yan Zheng. Can arsenic occurrence rates in bedrock aquifers be predicted? Environmental Science & Technology, 2012, 46(4): 2080-2087, https://doi.org/10.1021/es203793x; 
20) Qiang Yang, Hun Bok Jung, Charles W. Culbertson, Robert G. Marvinney, Marc C. Loiselle, Daniel B. Locke, Heidi Cheek, Hilary Thibodeau, Yan Zheng. Spatial pattern of groundwater arsenic occurrence and association with bedrock geology in greater Augusta, Maine, USA. Environmental Science & Technology, 2009, 43(8): 2714-2719, https://doi.org/10.1021/es803141m;
19) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Bo Liu, Qiang Yang, Jingming Li. Study on estimate method of wave velocity and quality factor to fault seals. Chinese Science Bulletin, 2005, 50(1): 1-6;
Following journal articles and books were published in Chinese
18) Xiaoyong Yang, Deliang Liu, Baichang Wang, Zhensheng Li, Yin Tan, Qiang Yang. Study on formation of inorganic carbon dioxide gas reservoirs. Petroleum Geology and Experiment, 2007, 29(2): 154-161; 
17) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang. Control of faults and associated structures on reservoiring in Kuqa folded thrust belt. Natrual Gas Industry, 2007, 27(5): 34-36;
16) Xiaoqi Wu, Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Qiang Yang. A preliminary study of the duration of structural deformation of mylonites in main Gaoligong ductile shear zone in western Yunnan. Geotectonica et Metallogeni, 2006, 30(2): 136-141;
15) Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Xiaoqi Wu, Zhensheng Li. Duration of structural deformation of ductile shear zone in Fuchashan hill, Anhui sector of the Tan-Lu fault. Chinese Journal of Geology, 2006, 41(2): 333-343;
14) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Jingming Li. Overpressure compartment sealed bu faults in Kuqa foreland basin. Journal of University of Science and Technology of China, 2006, 36(4): 453-457;
13) Xiaoqi Wu, Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Qiang Yang. A new fractural method for the determination of deformation temperatures and strain rates – a case study of the Fuchashan tectonite in the Tanlu fault. Geology in China, 2006, 33(1): 153-159;
12) Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Bo Liu, Ying Tan, Qiang Yang, Xiaoyong Yang, Baichang Wang, Deshan Zheng. Potential to form CO2 reservoirs through adsorption of CO2 by volcanic rocks and case study. Geological Bulletin of China, 2005, 24(10): 962-967;
11) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Bo Liu, Qiang Yang. The analysis of mechanical and chemical factors making the difference of fault’s action. Natural Gas Geoscience, 2005, 16(4): 485-491;
10) Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Zhensheng Li, Bo Liu, Ying Tan, Xiaoyong Yang, Baichang Wang, Fenglai Wang, Deshan Zheng, Zhanqiang Sun. Summarily analysis to multiple tectonic system in Songliao basin. Natural Gas Geoscience, 2005, 16(4): 433-436; 
09) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Bo Liu, Qiang Yang, Jingming Li. Study on estimate method of wave velocity and quality factor to fault seals. Chinese Science Bulletin, 2005, 13: 1365-1369; 
08) Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Qiang Yang, Yunyang Hu, Xianmao Yang, Xiaoyong Hu. Extensional tectonics in Kuqa fold and thrust belt in south Tianshan Mountain. Natural Gas Geoscience, 2005, 16(2): 157-161; 
07) Zhengsheng Li, Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Jingming Li. The main factors of extra-high pressure preservation in Kuche depression. Earth Science Frontiers, 2005, 12(2): 316; 
06) Gaoshe Cao, Shanwen Zhang, Zhongquan Liu, Xiaoyong Yang, Deliang Liu, Songxing Zhou, Qiang Yang. Discovery of breakup unconformity at the top of lower Sinian in the south margin of north China block: the geological implication. Acta Sedimentologica Sinica, 2004, 22(4): 621-627;
05) Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Xiaoyong Yang, Ying Tan, Qiang Yang, Baichang Wang, Deshan Zheng, Fenglai Wang, Zhanqiang Sun. The element distributing relation and the ability of CO2 released of carbonate contact metamorphic belts in Sunjiayao area, the northeast edge of the Songliao basin. Natural Gas Geoscience, 2004, 15(1): 20-27;
04) Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Wangye Li, Yan Sun, Changxin Zhang. A discovery of nanometer grade grain in the mylonite of ductile fracture in the south of Tancheng-Lujiang fracture zone. Science Technology and Engineering, 2004, 4(1): 42-43;
03) Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Qiang Yang, Jingming Li, Xuecheng Yuan. Application of rock absorbability quality factor on the study of natural gas leak and seal. Natural Gas Geoscience, 2003, 14(5): 347-350;
02) Deliang Liu, Qiang Yang, Xiaoyang Yang, Ying Tan, Zhensheng Li, Baichang Wang, Deshan Zheng, Fenglai Wang, Zhanqiang Sun. Prediction of abiogenetic CO2 accumulation zones in north Songliao basin. Natural Gas Industry, 2003, 23(4): 13-16;
01) Xiaoyong Yang, Deliang Liu, Jiaodong Zhang, Yongjian Chen, Zhensheng Li, Qiang Yang. Study on the element migrations and CO2 releasing in the Shuangshan ductile-brittle shear zone from the south Tan-Lu fault belt. Acta Geologica Sinica, 2002, 3: 335-346. 
book 02) Shizhen Tao, Deliang Liu, Zhensheng Li, Ying Tan, Xiaoqi Wu, Xiaoyong Yang, Shichun Huang, Gaoshe Cao, Jiaodong Zhang, Bo Liu, Guoqing Fang, Yongjian Chen, Changwei Li, Qiang Yang, Jie Wang, Wenxue Han. Abiogenic Gas. University of Science and Technology of China Press, 2014, ISBN 978-7-312-03574-6, pp231;
book 01) Ying Tan, Zhensheng Li, Deliang Liu, Xiaoqi Wu, Xiaoyong Yang, Shizhen Tao, Bo Liu, Qiang Yang, Gaoshe Cao, Jiaodong Zhang, Guoqing Fang, Yongjian Chen, Deshan Zheng, Baichang Wang, Zhanqiang Sun. The source, enrichment and prediction of CO2 gas reserve. University of Science and Technology of China Press, 2010, ISBN 978-7-312-02647-8, pp164.



My full CV is available [here](files/QYang_CV_201810.pdf).